END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (EULA) OF H.U.R.B.A.N. SELECTOR

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you and
Slovak Design Center.

This EULA agreement governs your acquisition and use of our H.U.R.B.A.N.
selector software ("Software") directly from Slovak Design Center or indirectly
through a Slovak Design Center authorized reseller or distributor (a
"Reseller").

Please read this EULA agreement carefully before completing the installation
process and using the H.U.R.B.A.N. selector software. It provides a license to
use the H.U.R.B.A.N. selector software and contains warranty information and
liability disclaimers.

If you register for a free trial of the H.U.R.B.A.N. selector software, this
EULA agreement will also govern that trial. By clicking "accept" or installing
and/or using the H.U.R.B.A.N. selector software, you are confirming your
acceptance of the Software and agreeing to become bound by the terms of this
EULA agreement.

If you are entering into this EULA agreement on behalf of a company or other
legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity and
its affiliates to these terms and conditions. If you do not have such authority
or if you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this EULA agreement, do
not install or use the Software, and you must not accept this EULA agreement.

This EULA agreement shall apply only to the Software supplied by Slovak Design
Center herewith regardless of whether other software is referred to or
described herein. The terms also apply to any Slovak Design Center updates,
supplements, Internet-based services, and support services for the Software,
unless other terms accompany those items on delivery. If so, those terms apply.
This EULA was created by EULA Template for H.U.R.B.A.N. selector.

LICENSE GRANT

Slovak Design Center. hereby grants you a personal, non-transferable,
non-exclusive licence to use the H.U.R.B.A.N. selector software on your devices
in accordance with the terms of this EULA agreement.

You are permitted to load the H.U.R.B.A.N. selector software (for example a PC,
laptop, mobile or tablet) under your control. You are responsible for ensuring
your device meets the minimum requirements of the H.U.R.B.A.N. selector
software.

You are not permitted to:

* Reproduce, copy, distribute, resell or otherwise use the Software for any
  commercial purpose
* Allow any third party to use the Software on behalf of or for the benefit of
  any third party
* Use the Software in any way which breaches any applicable local, national or
  international law
* Use the Software for any purpose that Slovak Design Center considers is a
  breach of this EULA agreement

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND OWNERSHIP

Slovak Design Center and Subdigital s.r.o. shall at all times retain ownership
of the Software as originally downloaded by you and all subsequent downloads of
the Software by you. The Software (and the copyright, and other intellectual
property rights of whatever nature in the Software, including any modifications
made thereto) are and shall remain the property of Slovak Design Center and
Subdigital s.r.o..

Slovak Design Center reserves the right to grant licences to use the Software
to third parties.

TERMINATION

This EULA agreement is effective from the date you first use the Software and
shall continue until terminated. You may terminate it at any time upon written
notice to Slovak Design Center.

It will also terminate immediately if you fail to comply with any term of this
EULA agreement. Upon such termination, the licenses granted by this EULA
agreement will immediately terminate and you agree to stop all access and use of
the Software. The provisions that by their nature continue and survive will
survive any termination of this EULA agreement.

GOVERNING LAW

This EULA agreement, and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this
EULA agreement, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of Slovak republic.